Previously,
on Sons of Anarchy...
Hey, you’re here!
Sheriff Roosevelt.
I’m Linc Potter.
Assistant U.S. Attorney.
You’re here because you can be
trusted and because we need you.
Count me in.
We’ll be able to get
tape on Putlova buying
and selling illegal arms.
We will take down the ROC,
and by association, the real IRA
and the Sons of Anarchy.
ELI:
Charming is now under
the jurisdiction of the
San Joaquin Sheriff Department.
The next time I see any one of
you who got out today wearing
cuts, they’ll belong to me.
It’s beautiful.
We should get married.
I’m done with SAMCRO.
We’re gonna take our boys,
and we’re gonna get
the hell out
of here, be a real family.
Pronounce you
man and wife.
(cheering)
This is for Jax Teller.
(screaming)
Just business.
(water running)
(sighs)
How you doing?
Didn’t want to wake you.
Mmm...
It’s good to be home.
(sighs)
Made the papers.
Oh, yeah.
Four bodies out by Haleville.
Just part of the process.
We’re protected.
Not worried about that.
This fell out
of one of Abel’s coloring books.
He must have found it
somewhere in Jax’s house.
Letters?
Maureen Ashby.
Trying to turn my son
against me.
Bitch must have stuffed them in
his bag when we left Belfast.
And you think Jax
read them?
Had to be Jax
or Tara who found them.
Ah, this is JT wooing pussy.
Probably a bunch
of love letters,
some half-gay poems
and shit.
Yeah, or a stack
of hate.
John sharing his every woe
and suspicion.
I am telling you,
that Irish gash
is reaching across the Atlantic.
She can’t hurt us.
And John can’t hurt us.
John trusted her.
Had a goddamn family with her.
There’s no telling
what he confided.
This was real,
it’d have blown up by now.
We’re good.
So, don’t go setting fires
when there’s nothing to burn.
You hear me?
I don’t do that.
Not all the time.
(chuckles)
I got to go.
There’s oatmeal on the stove.
Mmm, oatmeal.
Love you.
(door opens, then closes)
(TV playing quietly)
Okay, so Elyda comes
at noon, and your mom
watches them in the morning
when I’m at work.
But I-I can change their
schedule if you want.
No, I don’t want to mess
with their routine.
It’s already a big
help having you around.
Daddy.
TV REPORTER:
...Charming, California
was rocked earlier
this morning by a discovery of
four bodies
at a housing development.
Details are still coming in,
but we have learned that
the victims were shot
multiple times.
Were you involved?
How much do you want
to know?
...tattoos suggesting
associations
with Russian organized...
All of it.
It was retaliation for
what happened to me in prison.
Russians. We made...
(knocking)
Ah, look at this
perfect family.
Kids are at school.
We should take advantage.
It’s our honeymoon day.
I have to go to work.
Sooner we get you knocked up,
the sooner you get
to stop working.
Dondo gets very fussy
if his actors don’t show.
He takes his girl-on-girl
very seriously.
Wouldn’t want to upset
the prince of labia.
You hear the news?
They said those bodies
they found were all Russians.
Really?
There were Russians
at our wedding.
Were you guys part of this?
No.
We’re good with the Russians.
Not surprised though.
Those guys are mixed up
in some crazy shit.
See you later.
Yeah.
Bye.
(sighs)
Everything okay?
You know, with us.
What are you
talking about?
I just... I just
missed you so much.
We’re fine, Mom.
I love you more than anything
in this world, Jackson.
You know that, right?
I know.
Okay.
I love you, too, Mom.
Yeah.
See you later.
(camera clicking)
(siren wailing in distance)
(indistinct police
radio chatter)
I’m guessing there
are another three or four
dead Russians somewhere else
in Charming this morning.
Not all Russians.
Sorry about Worski.
Yes, I know.
He was a good agent.
(garbled radio transmission)
OFFICER:
They’re all marked...
Wow.
I did not see this coming.
It is through being wounded
power grows and can,
in the end, become tremendous.
Am I missing
the upswing to this?
Bold. Bold.
They are growing bold.
Why? How?
Sons are a midsized club,
barely in the top ten.
What empowers them to go
head-to-head with the ROC,
wipe out a whole damn Gulag?
Revenge.
They wouldn’t have lasted
this long if they were
that stupid.
(phone ringing)
Ah, Mayor McCheese approaches.
Does it bother
anyone in this town
that their mayor is also
their biggest developer?
No! Ugh!
No one smells
that stench?
ELI:
Oh, yeah, this shit is
gonna make his head explode.
Nothing like a pile
of bodies to bring down
property values.
Yeah, no kidding.
Clock is ticking on
the eminent domain buyout.
He loses his investors, the vote
goes back to city council.
They can revert back
all the land.
There goes
the neighborhood.
Good morning.
Not if you’re Russian.
I hope you have no doubts
as to who’s responsible
for this.
I’m on it.
Clay and his guys did
this in the first 24 hours.
We don’t know
if it was the Sons.
The Russians run
with dangerous crowds.
Jesus Christ.
Are-are you gonna tell me
that dumping these bodies here
was not a calculated move
by Clay Morrow?
Could be sending
a message.
Could be?
You run hard at these
white trash barbarians.
You understand me?
This shit cannot happen again.
Is that an order from the mayor
or the real estate developer?
It’s the plea
of a citizen.
Do what the taxpayers
hired you to do.
(indistinct radio transmission)
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
They’re waiting
inside.
Keep the crusher running.
It may get a little noisy.
I got it.
Marcus.
Clay.
Good to see you, man.
Jax.
How you doing?
All right, bro.
Clay, Jax–
Romero Parada.
Friends call me Romeo.
Good to finally
meet you, man.
Yeah, thank you
for coming up.
Santos and Luis.
I heard Viktor Putlova
never made it home
from SAMCRO’s wedding.
Yeah, we, uh...
we had to put him down...
whole North Cali crew.
Must have been
a wild party.
We’d like to avoid
them throwing one for us.
The word has been
put out: No one is to interfere
with our new friendship.
Thank you.
Yeah, thank you.
Now, see the wares.
Right here.
(whistles)
Got AR-15s, SIG 551s,
AKs, KG-9s, Glocks, FN-57s.
Got two dozen of each local.
Except the 57s.
Only got 15 of them.
CLAY:
Just like we discussed;
20% off the street tag.
(clips clicking)
What about ammo?
The Wahewa press
everything we need.
These are excellent.
We’ll take all
you have in stock.
Let’s set up a shipment
for every two weeks.
Three dozen of everything
except the Glocks.
We can make that work.
ROMEO:
There’s more.
I need bigger.
CLAY:
How much bigger?
RPGs, .50-caliber
machine guns,
long-range sniper rifles.
Well, I’ll have
to make a call.
Good. Let me see,
if my math is correct,
that’s seven hundred
and change
for your current stock.
Give me 100K
in mixed ammo.
Hmm...
500K should cover
half plus your
transport payment.
Well, I got a run scheduled
for this weekend, bro.
I’ll have the coke ready
for you for the run back.
Sounds good.
You guys are welcome
to keep the samples.
(Romeo speaking Spanish)
I’ll be in town
a couple of days.
Call me as soon as you
hear from the Irish.
We’re trafficking blow?
Nah.
We’re just muling it back.
Mayans are chopping
and distributing.
Jesus Christ.
Part of the deal.
I had no choice.
Who else knows?
Nobody.
That’s why you’re here.
I need you to understand this.
Understand what?
That you forgot to mention
we’d also be running coke
for the Galindo Cartel?
We voted in
selling them guns.
We’ll have another vote.
(scoffs)
You brokered this whole
goddamn thing in Stockton,
kept us out of the loop
on purpose.
The Russians needed
to die for what they did
to you inside.
The Galindo Cartel is
the only player deep enough
to keep the Russians
off our backs.
Oh, don’t give me the
"I did this for you, son"
bullshit!
This ain’t about me, Clay.
And this ain’t
about the club.
This is about
you cashing out.
(sighs)
These last two years– brutal.
Your mom and me– no savings,
no... medical,
no... retirement cushion.
I got, what, a year,
maybe two?
I’ve given my whole life
to this club.
I don’t want to walk away
with nothing.
You pushed a guy
off a roof in Belfast
for the exact same thing.
McGee was a rat.
(sighs)
What do you want from me?
This vote splits the ranks.
I want you to back me.
It’s the only way
this thing passes.
If I do this...
I’m out when you’re out.
What the hell
you talking about?
You wanted the gavel
your whole life.
Not anymore.
What are you,
what are you gonna...
leave SAMCRO?
What the hell else you gonna do?
It doesn’t matter.
I need your word
you’ll let me walk away.
No recourse.
What about your mom?
She’s an old lady, Clay;
she’s not a member.
I’m gonna need you
to keep her in check.
It ain’t that simple.
Yeah, it is.
When you hand over the club,
you push for the president’s
patch to go to Opie.
That’s the deal.
My out for your drugs.
(dog barking in distance)
Okay.
SAMCRO’s never been
in the drug business.
And never will.
OPIE:
The last thing that we
want to do is give Alvarez
leverage over our business.
We’ve been good
with the Mayans
for over
two years now, Ope.
Yeah, and let’s not forget,
if it wasn’t for
our brown alliance,
Russians
would’ve shivved all of us.
CLAY:
Cartel’s already
committed.
Word’s been put out.
Russians aren’t gonna touch us.
JUICE:
What about the Feds?
Drugs put us on DEA’s radar.
We’re gotta find a new buyer.
May not pay as much,
but with the Niners and the
Italians, we’ll still earn.
CHIBS:
The IRA have an
expectation of big volume.
Without the Russians,
that burden lands
right here with us.
CLAY:
Cartel gives us all the
demand our supply can handle.
We do this short-term, cash out.
It’s a goddamn cartel!
There is no short-term.
I think it’s worth
the risk.
Down payment
for our first order.
CLAY:
We should all think
about this.
We’ll vote
when the others get back.
Jax, go check on the ammo,
and, uh, take Ope with you.
I want this.
Yeah.
Tell Happy that we’re going
to have to keep the guns
at his aunt’s house
a couple more days.
I got to lock down the storage.
All right.
Clay.
Give me a minute?
This move–
I know why you’re doing it.
But all due respect...
it’s a mistake.
Well,
I appreciate that,
but I’m not asking
for your counsel.
Push this through,
it kills SAMCRO.
I love you, brother.
But I love this club more.
Not going to let it happen.
Well, I...
I love you, too.
Do what you have to do.
(Thomas crying)
(sighs): It’s okay.
(knock at door)
Oh, shit.
It’s okay.
(Thomas fussing)
I know. I know.
Here we go.
Hi.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
Just handle Thomas, okay?
Shh.
Okay.
What are you looking for, baby?
Mommy’s bag.
(rock music playing over stereo)
(music stops)
Really?
Nothing to say?
Not quite sure who
I’m talking to anymore.
Wow.
That’s deep, man.
Not really.
When you were inside,
what’d you think about?
Donna, the kids.
Yeah, me, too, man.
The whole time.
Tara and my boys.
Wondering how the hell I’m
going to take care of them.
Stay whole, be a decent father.
Pushing coke was
your solution?
No. Earning big was.
Look, I know running
with the cartel is serious shit,
but I don’t want to live
hand-to-mouth anymore.
I want something more
for my boys.
You know, I watched
Tara take care of your kids.
She’s a strong chick,
man.
She really stepped up.
But Lyla, she...
I mean, I love her, but...
she’s not Donna.
I go away,
she’d never be able
to take care of three kids
by herself.
I can’t do that to her.
Can’t do that to them.
We’re not going away, Ope.
The cartel is protected.
They got politicians and
law enforcement on the payroll
from Lodi to Mexico City.
Nah, we’re going to be fine.
You sound like you’re
trying to convince yourself
as much as me.
(electronic beeping)
(Linc humming)
ELI:
Thanks.
So where’s the rest
of your team?
Reassigned.
They all knew our undercover.
Gets too personal.
Tread water
for a few weeks.
Wait for new intel.
And what if that intel
doesn’t come?
Sons wouldn’t have
taken out the Russians without
a contingency in place.
It’s too ambitious a move
to be lateral.
A bigger player.
Who?
Not sure.
Hence the water treading.
You got water, I got blood.
I’m getting a lot
of internal heat
on this thing.
These guys shit
on my front lawn.
I got to protect my town.
I just came in and gave you
a heads-up.
Do your job, then,
good sheriff.
Should look
like business as usual.
Be the badge.
(grunting sigh)
You don’t call.
You don’t write.
Yeah.
Welcome home.
You guys didn’t waste
any goddamn time.
Four dead bodies.
Jesus Christ.
Now, why would you
always assume
that when it’s bad and bloody,
it’s my crew?
(chuckles)
Yeah, I’m guessing the hometown
homicide sets back
Hale Properties.
Oh, yeah, and, uh,
Oswald Construction.
Had to take the offer.
Oh, I get it.
Oh, your bottom line went red
as soon as Hale took
all your acreage.
Completely understand.
What do you want, Clay?
A little understanding.
My debt’s paid.
I’ll make you a deal.
I will, uh, suffer progress,
let you and Hale build your, uh,
suburban paradise–
in exchange for this.
This place is a dump.
I store my old haulers here.
Spare parts and shit.
It’s private gated property,
completely secure,
near the Wahewa.
More weapons.
Rosen will draw up
a lease.
Dummy corp.
As if you’re, uh, renting
to a complete stranger.
Everybody’s protected.
Security deposit.
Where the hell did
you get this kind of cash?
It’s a brand-new
day, Elliot.
And if I say no?
We’ll be, uh, moving
some of our shit
in here tomorrow.
Clay. I took a huge hit.
I need Charming Heights
to happen.
It’ll happen.
Yo, Running Mouse.
Jax.
These guys are worse
than the Irish.
Wake up.
(man speaking indistinctly)
Hey.
(indistinct yelling)
Shit. Lay some down.
I’m gonna get in the truck.
You hop in the back.
OPIE:
We’re clear!
You all right?
Uh, yeah, think so.
(man speaking Russian)
JAX:
You?
Don’t move.
(muffled whimpering)
MAN:
You were stupid to steal
from us.
(speaking Russian)
Now you watch this.
(woman whimpering)
You tell me
where the guns are,
or I blow her head off.
Okay, okay, okay.
(grunting)
Kill her!
JAX:
Stop, no, no,
I’ll tell you!
I can get ’em here!
I just need to make a call!
(Thomas cooing)
(locks door)
Damn it.
Oh, shit.
Oh...
Jesus Christ.
Oh, my God.
When was the last time
you rode this thing?
I think I had hair.
Mmm.
Is that Gemma’s
meat loaf?
Yeah. I-I missed this
almost as much
as I missed pussy.
You all right?
Not really.
Look, look, look, I know.
Just, just get behind Clay
on this cartel, man.
He wants you there.
No, he doesn’t.
He’s locked me out.
He’s locked all of us out.
Except for Jax, he’s the only
one on the inside,
and that’s dangerous.
What do you mean?
He had you and me.
He trusted us.
We gave him balance, protected
the club in the process,
but that’s gone.
So you think that I’m
on the outside, too.
(sighs)
Hey, guys, guys, Jax on
the bar line
looking for Clay.
He says it’s important.
Clay. We got Jax
on the bar phone, man.
Not now.
JOHN TELLER:
Gemma’s always
been stronger than me–
I loved her for that–
but as I lost my way,
she found hers.
She’s moved closer to Clay,
grown deeply committed
to the club.
She’s become more the woman
I married,
and I’ve become less the man.
The death of our love
is my failing, not hers.
(Tara speaking indistinctly)
Sure, no problem.
Thank you.
(opens and closes drawer)
(keys rattle in lock)
(toilet flushes)
Oh, hey.
Hey.
You locked the door.
Didn’t mean to.
He’s hungry.
Mommy’s here, yes.
There we go.
Come on, there.
Hi, little guy.
There you go.
Hi.
Where’s your ring?
Oh... at home.
We’re not sure when
we’re gonna tell people.
Why the hesitation?
Just waiting for the
right time.
Oh, you ready?
(Thomas gurgles)
Yeah.
So, uh...
what’s the urgency?
I just got an order
this morning,
requires an 18-wheel
solution and somebody
who knows the truck routes
to Tucson–
weigh stations,
roads to avoid.
Thought maybe you
wanted to discuss the cold war
you started in Charming Heights.
Pretty sure homicide
is a parole violation.
A little late to be
a good cop, ain’t it?
Yeah, I guess it is.
I’ll look into the, uh,
truck situation.
I’m sorry, man, I didn’t mean...
No, it’s all right.
Forget it, just forget it.
Need anything else?
Question.
Tara.
While we were inside, did she
ask you anything unusual?
Unusual like what?
Like history–
John and me.
No. Why would she?
Clay,
we got trouble, man.
(clears throat)
What do they want?
I don’t speak Russian,
but I’m pretty sure they’re
pissed off about their guns.
You bring all the guns now
or I kill them.
That’s going to take
a few hours.
You have one.
We got a problem,
Wayne.
I think Tara knows about John.
H-How is that possible?
John had another
old lady.
In Belfast.
Before he was killed,
he was writing her letters,
sharing all his secrets.
She tried to send those letters
home with Jax.
Tara must have found ’em.
I came across this note.
It pointed me to the letters.
I found ’em in Tara’s office.
And you read ’em?
Ones I did, it was JT
wringing his guilt about Thomas.
His failed marriage.
And his fear of Clay and me
getting closer.
That’s just
speculation.
Tara had a copy
of the accident report.
Charming PD.
Now, you only pull something
like that if you have
suspicions.
Uh, you tell Clay?
Yeah.
He didn’t give it any weight.
He didn’t know John
the way I did.
You know, Clay’s got
a lot on his mind.
Best we don’t burden him
with this shit.
Not until
we know the fallout.
Hurry up.
It’s gonna take Happy
and Kozik at least two hours
to get the guns there.
Shit.
TIG:
Yeah.
What’s the matter?
Complications.
Where’s Jax?
Oh, shit.
(siren tooting)
This is bad timing.
How do you want
to play this?
This prick is starting
to piss me off.
The Russians got Jax and Ope.
Need for you to call up T.O.,
have the Bastards head down
to Wahewa backland.
Just lay low and wait
for my call.
You’re looking
for fleet work,
you’re gonna have to make
an appointment.
No, we just had a couple
questions regarding
your whereabouts last night.
You know we never left
the reservation ’cause you
were out front all night.
Directing traffic, right?
(fire truck horn honking loudly)
(loud honking)
You smell smoke?
Hey, Bastards
are on a toy run.
Gemma’s left a message
with T.O.’s old lady.
Shit.
CLAY:
You made your point.
Now it’s time for you
and the campfire girls
to get the hell out.
There’s no brothers
on your wall.
What’s up with that?
What’s up is not
having any brothers on the wall.
We got no problem
with color.
As long as it stays
out of Charming.
Just do what
you got to do.
No. This...
This feels warm.
Might be electrical.
Come here a second.
(grunting)
Oh, you piece of shit!
(grunts)
Fire Chief found nine
code violations.
You got 30 days to fix it.
It’s a good thing
there wasn’t a fire, huh?
I’m willing to work
with you, Clay.
Figure out the boundaries
that keep us both happy.
But you pushed me to this.
And I strongly suggest you guys
don’t do it again.
(garbled radio transmission)
Let’s go, boys.
(indistinct, quiet chatter)
Hell of a honeymoon.
Should have just stayed
in bed with my wife...
the porn star.
(both laugh)
They’re never gonna make
it from Dogtown in an hour.
I know.
(car engine approaching)
(grunting)
(man speaking Spanish)
MAN:
Who is this?
(music playing in Spanish)
It’s a Mexican guy
and a Mexican guy.
(Jax grunts)
Get up.
(men speaking Russian)
Far enough.
What do you want?
Hear you’re looking
for your guns.
Yeah, they have
your guns.
Where are they?
ROMEO:
Some of them
are right here.
You can have the rest
when you let them go.
That’s shit.
Bring us all the guns.
30 minutes.
Or I kill them.
(speaking Russian)
(whistles)
(grunts)
(man speaking Russian)
(speaking Russian)
(grunting)
Vamos.
(speaking Spanish)
You boys all right?
Yeah, thanks.
Thank you.
No problem.
That’s what friends
are for.
(motorcycle engines humming)
Already missed
all the fun.
Gee. You all right, man?
Not really.
How’d you know this
was going down?
We got contacts
in the ROC.
We have contacts
everywhere.
You guys lay down
some serious shit.
This relationship is
very important
to my organization.
I’m sure this is the last
we heard of Putlova’s crew.
CLAY:
Maybe we should cut one
of ’em loose.
Let him bring this memory back
to his pals.
The Wahewa
will want retribution.
(grunts)
I volunteer him.
(laughter)
Come here, come here.
Come here, bad boy.
Looks like you got
this under control.
Thank you.
We’ll be in touch.
Hey, thank you.
So the cartel
just showed up.
They just showed up.
Cartel doesn’t know
we... we still have to vote
this in, do they?
That’s our business,
not theirs.
(motorcycle engine revving)
TARA:
Jax?
(sighs)
(indistinct chatter)
Hey, babe.
Are you okay?
I’m all right.
What happened?
Misunderstanding.
(indistinct,
overlapping chatter)
I know.
(laughter, overlapping chatter)
(grunts, overlapping chatter)
You get a crew in here
tomorrow, start fixing it up.
I have some good news.
We’re engaged.
Whoa!
Yeah!
(cheering, whooping & applause)
Did you know
about this?
WOMAN:
Yeah!
(whooping and cheering)
(whistling)
CLAY:
Serve ’em up.
Hey, hey, let me have
a little of that.
(laughs)
Congratulations. My son.
(overlapping chatter)
What did I tell you?
She’s a good girl, huh?
♪ I’m heading home ♪
♪ Go it alone again... ♪
Congratulations, Mom.
I love you.
♪ Are you dreaming out loud? ♪
♪ Scared of the crowds? ♪
(men whooping)
♪ Well, I’m headed home ♪
♪ To go it alone again... ♪
Congratulations.
Congratulations,
brother.
Thank you.
GEMMA:
You two did a good job.
It’s all good, bro.
I promise.
Hmm.
(men whooping)
♪ To go it alone again ♪
♪ I’m taking it home ♪
♪ Taking it home ♪
♪ To go it alone again. ♪